Image Tiling (#4637)
slint-ui/slint: docs/reference/src/language/builtins/elements.md

-   **`colorize`** (_in_ _brush_): When set, the image is used as an alpha mask and is drawn in the given color (or with the gradient).
-   **`horizontal-alignment`** (_in_ _enum [`ImageHorizontalAlignment`](enums.md#imagehorizontalalignment)_): The horizontal alignment of the image within the element.

> -   **`horizontal-tiling`** (_in_ _enum [`ImageTiling`](enums.md#imagetiling)_): Whether image should be tiled on the horizontal axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **`horizontal-tiling`** (_in_ _enum [`ImageTiling`](enums.md#imagetiling)_): Whether the image should be tiled on the horizontal axis.
```

Reviewer: Just a thought: When we announce this in 1.5, it might make sense to include an example with the preview in the docs here and link to it.

-   **`image-fit`** (_in_ _enum [`ImageFit`](enums.md#imagefit)_): Specifies how the source image shall be fit into the image element.

>     Does not have any effect when used with 9 slice scaling images, or if there is tiling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Does not have any effect when used with 9 slice scaled or tiled images.
```

    | `source-clip-width` | `source.width - source-clip-x` |
    | `source-clip-height` | `source.height - source-clip-y` |
-   **`vertical-alignment`** (_in_ _enum [`ImageVerticalAlignment`](enums.md#imageverticalalignment)_): The vertical alignment of the image within the element.

> -   **`vertical-tiling`** (_in_ _enum [`ImageTiling`](enums.md#imagetiling)_): Whether image should be tiled on the vertical axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **`vertical-tiling`** (_in_ _enum [`ImageTiling`](enums.md#imagetiling)_): Whether the image should be tiled on the vertical axis.
```
